Splitter: Add Clarity to items[].size Doc (#9043)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxSplitter/7 Interfaces/dxSplitterItem/size.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies the initial item (pane) size in pixels or as a percentage of the component's total size. Splitter initializes panes with equal sizes when this property is `undefined` (default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the initial size of an item (pane) in pixels or as a percentage of the component's total size. The Splitter initializes panes with equal sizes when this property is `undefined` (default).
```

---

> Splitter preserves configured pane sizes across layout changes in the UI. If you update the component layout programmatically (modify an item's **size** property using [option()](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSplitter/Methods/#option)), Splitter recalculates the sizes of all panes. This may shift the layout of the entire component. To ensure only specific items are affected when you update the Splitter layout, define **size** for all panes and reassign all pane sizes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Splitter preserves configured pane sizes across UI layout changes. If you update the component layout programmatically by modifying an item's **size** property with [option()](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSplitter/Methods/#option), Splitter recalculates the sizes of all panes. This may shift the entire component layout. To prevent unintended changes to other panes, define the **size** for every pane and reassign all pane sizes when you update the layout.
```

[note]

> - Specify [minSize](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxSplitter/7%20Interfaces/dxSplitterItem/minSize.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSplitter/Interfaces/dxSplitterItem/#minSize') and [maxSize](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxSplitter/7%20Interfaces/dxSplitterItem/maxSize.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSplitter/Interfaces/dxSplitterItem/#maxSize') to constrain pane sizes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Specify [minSize](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxSplitter/7%20Interfaces/dxSplitterItem/minSize.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSplitter/Interfaces/dxSplitterItem/#minSize') and [maxSize](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxSplitter/7%20Interfaces/dxSplitterItem/maxSize.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSplitter/Interfaces/dxSplitterItem/#maxSize') to limit pane sizes.
```
